README.md, before:

# TIL

> Today I Learned

Made after the TIL repo by [jbranchaud](https://github.com/jbranchaud/til)

_21 TILs and counting..._

---

### Categories
* [bash](#bash)
* [Git](#git)
* [i3](#i3)
* [linux](#linux)
* [Latex](#Latex)
* [pandoc-markdown](#pandoc-markdown)
* [vim](#vim)

---

### git

- [show tag with date](git/show_tag_with_date.md)
- [change default editor](git/change_default_editor.md)
- [show commits in one line](git/show_commits_one_line.md)


### Latex

- [installing sourcesanspro font package](latex/installing_sourcesanspro_font_package.md)

### i3

- [Alternative Lockscreen for the i3wm](i3/alternative_lockscreen_betterlockscreen.md)
- [firefox fullscreen youtube](i3/firefox_fullscreen_youtube.md)
- [firefox stop autohiding toolbar](i3/firefox_stop_autohiding_toolbar.md)
- [Brigthness control in i3](i3/brightness_control.md)
- [Gnome Settings in i3](i3/gnome_settings_in_i3.md)

### linux 

- [custom battery prompt](linux/custom_battery_prompt.md)
- [zathura copy and paste](linux/zathura_copy_paste.md)
- [scilab cli fix](linux/scilab_cli_fix.md)

### bash

- [find all files of one type and copy them](bash/find_all_file_of_type_and_copy.md)
- [show git branch in bash](bash/show_git_branch_in_bash.md)
- [playing music from the command line](bash/playing_music_from_command_line.md)
- [file manager for the command line](bash/file_manager_for_the_command_line.md)
- [ranger image and pdf preview](bash/ranger_image_and_pdf_preview.md)

### pandoc-markdown 

- [note taking template](pandoc-markdown/note_taking_template.md)

### vim 
- [line numbers](vim/line_numbers.md)
- [plugins with vim-plug](vim/plugins_with_vim-plug.md)
- [vim instant markdown](vim/vim_instant_markdown.md)

Commit message:

added new linux and c
- linux: simple command line countdown
- c: created folder
- c: simple unit tests

README.md, after:

# TIL

> Today I Learned

Made after the TIL repo by [jbranchaud](https://github.com/jbranchaud/til)

_23 TILs and counting..._

---

### Categories
* [bash](#bash)
* [Git](#git)
* [i3](#i3)
* [linux](#linux)
* [Latex](#Latex)
* [pandoc-markdown](#pandoc-markdown)
* [vim](#vim)

---
### The C Programming Language

- [Unit Test in C](c/simple_unit_tests_in_c.md)

### git

- [show tag with date](git/show_tag_with_date.md)
- [change default editor](git/change_default_editor.md)
- [show commits in one line](git/show_commits_one_line.md)


### Latex

- [installing sourcesanspro font package](latex/installing_sourcesanspro_font_package.md)

### i3

- [Alternative Lockscreen for the i3wm](i3/alternative_lockscreen_betterlockscreen.md)
- [firefox fullscreen youtube](i3/firefox_fullscreen_youtube.md)
- [firefox stop autohiding toolbar](i3/firefox_stop_autohiding_toolbar.md)
- [Brigthness control in i3](i3/brightness_control.md)
- [Gnome Settings in i3](i3/gnome_settings_in_i3.md)

### linux 

- [custom battery prompt](linux/custom_battery_prompt.md)
- [zathura copy and paste](linux/zathura_copy_paste.md)
- [scilab cli fix](linux/scilab_cli_fix.md)
- [simple command line countdown](linux/simple_command_line_countdown.md)

### bash

- [find all files of one type and copy them](bash/find_all_file_of_type_and_copy.md)
- [show git branch in bash](bash/show_git_branch_in_bash.md)
- [playing music from the command line](bash/playing_music_from_command_line.md)
- [file manager for the command line](bash/file_manager_for_the_command_line.md)
- [ranger image and pdf preview](bash/ranger_image_and_pdf_preview.md)

### pandoc-markdown 

- [note taking template](pandoc-markdown/note_taking_template.md)

### vim 
- [line numbers](vim/line_numbers.md)
- [plugins with vim-plug](vim/plugins_with_vim-plug.md)
- [vim instant markdown](vim/vim_instant_markdown.md)
